welcome back ladies and gentlemen this
is barbed wire excel today I have a
glitch video found by me if anyone else
has found this please let me know the
other person is watching I am sorry you
guys can see that all right so what
we're going to do is we're going to come
to this position on the mat it's right
by this hat house right here right there
next you're gonna want to find the car
anyone works just make sure it's a car
that you can climb on to and then go up
and let me adjust the camera press X and
you are able to walk around as far as I
know you will not fall through let's see
if we can kill people come out come out
wherever you are people no one wants to
die today
how absenting
you cannot kill people so this would be
a great place to hide out for a bounty
if no one else knows about this
and thank you but yeah like subscribe
whenever I find a glitch or something
like that
I will let you guys know um that's one
exit you could probably get in through
there so well and yeah thank you all
right I'll see you guys next time